---
layout: portfolio

title: Meeet
date: "2014-03-26 16:28:42"
category: work
accent_color: "rgba(102, 181, 243, .50)"
title-color: "#"
role: "Design Lead, Co-founder"
tags: [Front-end, Web Design, Product Design]
extra_css:
image:
  feature: meeet-co-land.png
---

Side projects are gaining popularity in the web community. Volunteered to bulk up your résumé? Open source projects are volunteering in the web community. And they make a difference both seen and unseen. They're launching careers. They're expanding beyond mere side projects for some. Chances are that you have heard of Animate.css (Dan Eden). Perhaps you haven’t heard of Jake Kelly, but I’m sure you’re familiar with one of his projects: Behave.js, Snap.js, or Mention.js. You may have read Typoguide by Benedikt Lehnert, or used AnchorCMS developed by Visual Idiot.    

Sometimes these projects were small enough for one, but often there is a second pair of eyes and hands, a second mind, helping implement. Finding the right person to fill this role is often difficult. You can’t always find a perfect match for skills. your mentions on Twitter fell on silent ears. Designer News lacked a response. There’s [Programmer Meet Designer](http://programmermeetdesigner.com/), but everyone there is looking for a long term partner. It’s centered around money and location. It’s too much commitment. 

For a side project, you just need someone to help you launch. You need to get a working product on the table with someone as skilled as you are, someone that complements your talents and mindset. Give your project a name, describe its purpose, and put down a few tags marking skills you need to finish it. You’ll have access to an awesome pool of other designers and developers, filtered by best match to your project. Instead of soliciting help on Twitter or cold emailing friends of friends, you can contact a fellow member of Meeet. 

We’re hoping that this will help more people launch their side projects and develop a community of developers and designers who love working collaboratively to make the web a better place.

You can check out the site and sign up for updates: [Meeet Co](http://meeet.co).

We’d love to hear from you at us@meeet.co, or on Twitter [@meeetco](twitter.com/meeetco).
