---
layout: portfolio
title: TheNews
date: "2014-06-12 16:53:04"
category: "work"
home: true
accent_color: "#78C2A9"
title-color: ""
role: "Design Lead, Front End Developer"
tags: [Web Design, App Design, Product Design, Front End Development]
image:
  feature: thenews-feature.png
---

TheNews is a website and app that combines Hacker and Designer News. It's simple to quickly browse both, checking on the latest links, resources, and updates in the tech and web community.

## Now for iOS
Inspired by [thenews.im](thenews.im) by [Ahmet Sulek](twitter.com/ahmetsulek), [Tosin Afolabi](twitter.com/tosinaf), and I decided to bring it over to iOS. It takes advantage of native gestures, as well as conditioned gestures to make for a clean, natural feeling experience. I was lucky enough to have a target user base that is experienced with gestures. Swiping the navigation bar at the top switches between Designer and Hacker News. Swiping a post from right to left takes the user to the comment thread. Swiping from left to right "up votes" the post.


<div class="clearfix">
{% include _fluidbox.html grid="4" class="" alt="TheNews App Comment View" url="thenews-comment.png" loweres="" cap="Commenting" %}{% include _fluidbox.html grid="4" class="" alt="TheNews App Menu" url="thenews-menu.png" cap="The Menu" %}
{% include _fluidbox.html grid="4" class="" alt="Message of the Day" url="thenews-hacker.png" loweres="" cap="MOTD" %}{% include _fluidbox.html grid="4" class="" alt="TheNews Hacker View" url="thenews-hacker.png" cap="Hacker News" %}
</div>

You can see the app landing page here: [TheNews App](http://thenewsapp.co). It is built with Unslider and Bourbon Neat, hosted on Github Pages.

{% include _fullwidth.html url="/thenews-mocks/thenews.jpg"  %}

