---
layout: portfolio

title: Typistry
date: "2014-02-27 12:06:34"
category: work
brand-color: "#1a1a1a"
title-color: ""
role: "Design Lead"
tags: [Branding, Logo Design]
image:
  feature: typistry.svg
---
Typistry is a single column, reading-centric theme for Tumblr. I wanted to create an environment around the blog post, to coddle long form for a great reading experience. The end result was a theme that looked similar to what one might see on a kindle, on the NYT redesign, or on A List Apart.

## Reader Friendly
The goal of this design was to optimize legibility. I focused on the reading experience. I started by choosing a font, and establishing the font size, line height and paragraph width. When I sought out to choose a font, I looked for humanist serifs that I enjoyed reading. I visited the informationArchitects blog, A List Apart, took a look at my kindle, and typed a bit on ByWord. I found that I enjoyed the heavier weighted serifs on my Kindle and A List Apart. I dug through free font catalogs and searched in the Google Web Fonts repo. I stumbled across Lora. Lora has moderate contrast and a tall x-height — perfect for long form reading.

I then established a typographic rhythm. I used the Pearsonified typographic golden ratio calculator formula with the compute capabilities of SCSS. I established a body width of 620px and a large body font size. The end result was a good balance of line length, font size, and white space. 
 
## Using Sass
I utilized SCSS to style the theme. It was incredible how quickly and easily I could make vast style changes to the blog. Using @mixins was both faster for coding and better for visual consistency. As I made this theme responsive, as opposed to fluid, I changed elements as needed, which lead to less code. I ended up with cleaner CSS, and ultimately fewer changes to the formatting of the blog. Visually, it is consistent and it scales down gracefully to smartphone.

[You can get a feel for Typistry here](http://the.typistry.net/).  

<a href="http://gum.co/yMIA" class="gumroad-button">Buy on Gumroad</a><script type="text/javascript" src="https://gumroad.com/js/gumroad.js"></script>

<div id="buyoncm3813"></div>
<script>
var __creativemarket__ = {url:'https://creativemarket.com/ColeTownsend/3813-Typistry?utm_source=cmembed&utm_medium=button&utm_campaign=3813',text:'Buy on Creative Market',productID:3813};
</script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://d3ui957tjb5bqd.cloudfront.net/js/embed/1/button.js"></script>